Remove language-local zero-width artifact walks (#480)
odvcencio/gotreesitter: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed

> - Shared root-extra classification now omits zero-width scanner tokens from

Author: <!-- buckbot:inline:1306e3adae7851f99afc6fd63a5441fbc542281f:c9a6544db19253f481bb0d20 -->
<!-- buckbot:FINDING-001 -->
**MINOR · ASD-STE100 prose violations in added documentation and changelog**

Added prose contains noun clusters longer than three nouns and passive constructions that obscure the actor.

**Impact:** Operator-facing release notes and compatibility docs must meet the project's STE100 standard; dense noun clusters increase misread risk during incident review.

**Recommended change:** Rewrite the three flagged sentences in active voice with shorter noun chains.

```suggestion
- The shared root-extra classifier now drops zero-width scanner tokens from
  child lists. The repetition-skip fold also stops the historical Typst
  comma artifact. These producer rules retire two returned-tree walks.
  Haskell and Typst keep their dispatcher arms for other repairs.
```
